Setup v7 (#13747)
sequelize/sequelize: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] Did you update the typescript typings accordingly (if applicable)?
- [ ] Does the description below contain a link to an existing issue (Closes #[issue]) or a description of the issue you are solving?
- [ ] Did you follow the commit message conventions explained in [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/sequelize/sequelize/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)?

> - [ ] Did your change primarily focussed on the TypeScript code base?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Does your change primarily focus on the TypeScript code base?
We are working on migrating the code base to TypeScript and we would prefer breaking changes to be done directly in TypeScript.
```

As a bit of context
